Update multi-language-checkout.md (#1145)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/localization/multi-language-checkout.md

## Multi-language setup

> In the Stencil's Cornerstone theme, the [Optimized Checkout](https://github.com/bigcommerce/cornerstone/blob/master/assets/scss/optimized-checkout.scss) SCSS file and the [Order Confirmation](https://github.com/bigcommerce/cornerstone/blob/master/templates/pages/order-confirmation.html) HTML file both contain Handlebars `{{lang}}` statements. These `{{lang}}` statements facilitate translation by enabling automatic rendering of their parameters into the default storefront language defined in the control panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cornerstone's [Optimized Checkout](https://github.com/bigcommerce/cornerstone/blob/master/assets/scss/optimized-checkout.scss) SCSS file and [Order Confirmation](https://github.com/bigcommerce/cornerstone/blob/master/templates/pages/order-confirmation.html) HTML file both contain Handlebars `{{lang}}` statements. These `{{lang}}` statements facilitate translation by enabling automatic rendering of their parameters into the default storefront language defined in the control panel.

```

## Adding your own translation values

You can provide values for all of the checkout's supported translation keys even without direct access to the hidden parts of the checkout template. Here is how:

1. Download checkout's [en.json](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-js/blob/master/src/app/locale/translations/en.json) file (GitHub).
2. Copy and paste the file's contents into your theme's `en.json` file.

> 3. Copy and paste the file's contents into each of the corresponding `json` file for the other languages you support. For naming requirements, see [Translation Keys](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/localization/translation-keys#the-schema).

Reviewer: Would change to either:
"each of the corresponding `json` files"
or
"each corresponding `json` file"
